# WorkerBee
Game Design for Mobile Games
Target group: children, age 6-12
Short description:

In the game player is moving the bee, collecting differently coloured flowers by walking into its collision box in specified quantities and avoiding increasing number of wasps. If the player unwittingly exceeds the number of collected flowers of specific color needed to complete the level, number of flowers needed of all other colors increases.
Examplary quantities of objects in each level:
Level 1: Flowers: 5 blue, 2 red; 1 wasp Level 2: Flowers: 7 blue, 4 red, 2 green; 2 wasps Level 3: Flowers: 10 blue, 6 red, 4 green, 1 purple; 3 wasps Level 4: Flowers: 12 blue, 8 red, 6 green, 3 purple, 1 yellow; 3 wasps etc. There will be a limited number of flowers on the map of random colors, of which not every one will be giving the progress for the current level, nonetheless there will be a restriction, that at least one flower will be the one that player needs. With every collected flower, others are randomly changing places. There will be a cooldown of 2 seconds (new flowers will be shadowed/semi-transparent) to eliminate the situation where a random flower is collected instantly.
The map is going to be wider than player’s vision range and the vision will move along with the bee. Apart from bee, wasps and flowers there are going to be more obstacles that will interfere with our movement, like rocks, trees etc. With each level, map will be wider. Wasps will chase the bee inside specific lure area, but will have slower turn rate than the bee to give a chance to dodge them. On higher levels wasps could show up from upper border of the map. The player will have limited time to finish the level. The time will be indicated by sunset, the map will get darker with each minute and when the specified time passes, the vision around the bee will shrink. Player will have 3 lifes, losing each by colliding with the wasp. After losing a life the level is restarting, except the flowers’ counter – player’s progress will be saved. UI description: Graphics in the game will be a cartoon type (game for children). Player is moving the bee by using accelerometer in his mobile phone. HUD describing how many flowers are needed to finish the level will be shown above the map. Scoring: Each collected flower: 10 points Finished level: 100 points * number of the level Collected wrong type of flower (exceeding required quantity): -10 points * level no. History of best results and the player’s nickname will be stored in Firebase Firestore.